OK. So as a reminder, there will
be two types of stimuli that you
see or the pictures that you
see.
This is an example of a wordless
picture books in which you will
see a series of picture that
tells a story.
Of the story between 10 to 15
minutes and describe in describe
what you see and what is
happening. I mean as much detail
as you can and whenever you're
ready. OK, all right.
#START_quest So the story is.
Maybe I I guess it's titled for
Darcy. Maybe. I would assume
that's a person or an animal.
Some somebody is, I guess,
dedicating this story to Darcy.
Whoever that person is, it's a
picture of is, like somebody's
in a park within a city. There's
a street lamp, a park bench, a
trash can, and then a bridge.
Um, and it's the underside of
the bridge. There is a statue at
the entrance to the bridge of a.
Person holding up possibly a
candle, and the person has
wings.
And then under the bridge there
is what appears to be a little
boy and a little girl, and they
are sheltering under the bridge
there they have a double bicycle
and they're sheltering under the
bridge because it it looks like
it is raining outside.
Oh boy. OK.
Um.
Is it possible to go back? Yes.
OK. Sorry, I'm trying to figure
out. OK, so I'll add to that.
They're sheltering under this
bridge and they're standing just
to the right of two.
Double wooden doors and there's
a overhead light that hangs
above the door that is shining
down in front of the doors. Now
I think we're good to go, OK?
And then all of a sudden, the
two wooden doors open and an
older man wearing a long orange
type of robe, maybe with an
orange crown. He's got long
white hair, white Gray hair, and
a long white Gray beard. He also
has some kind of a brown.
Like sash or um kind of covering
over the robe that he's wearing
and he.
The little girl is holding a
little red.
Stick the little boy is holding
a purple stick.
And the man is holding an orange
stick. And he is showing the the
boy and the girl who appeared
quite frightened by the man who
has come out from the door, he
is showing them a picture of a
circle and on on the circle
there's different color, smaller
circles. So there's a green, a
small green circle, then a small
yellow, then an orange, then a
red, then a purple, and then a
blue and.
He is telling the boy and the
girl to be quiet. He's holding
up his finger to his mouth to
indicate that they should be
quiet and above the boy and the
girl is a purple.
Kind of a bird with a very long
tail that is also looking down
at this picture.
And.
It looks like the boy then, or
I'm sorry. The man then takes
the sash, this brown sash that
he's wearing, which has it looks
like maybe the sash holds the
different color sticks.
Um and the man puts the sash on
the little boy.
And I'm sorry on the little
girl. And then he gives.
The picture to the little boy.
And I'm going to have to move
you. Sorry, one SEC. OK. And
then he.
All of a sudden there are two.
Two people come in what appears
to be like full body armor.
They're like.
Looks like like a metal body
armor, and they're holding 2.
Umm.
God, what are they called?
They're not swords, they're
they're like.
Daggers, I guess, or.
I hope I get the right word, but
they're holding these two.
Long dagger type things that
have a point at the end. I don't
know if I'm saying the right
word. I feel like it's escaping
me and they grab the old man and
the old man loses his orange
stick. It goes flying out of his
hand when the two men grab him.
And.
The kids kind of lean back and
they two men take in the body
armor, take the old man back
into the doorway, which it
appears leads to maybe some kind
of a tunnel. And the kids are
kind of crouched down with this
purple bird who's also with
them. And they're kind of
watching as the old man is
trying to reach out for them,
but he is being carried back
into this tunnel and his stick.
Is lying on the ground.
So then in the next scene,
excuse me, the little girl picks
up.
The man's orange stick, and she
places it into one of the
holders on her sash.
She's still carrying her red
stick and the boy is still
carrying his purple stick and
he's got the picture and the
little arm or the little Purple
bird is on the shoulder of the
little boy.
And the doors, the wooden doors
closed because they've taken the
man back inside. And they, the
two young children are trying to
oh with.
With the sticks are we realized
now that the sticks can draw.
They can also be a type of a
crayon. So the girl begins to
draw a key with her red crayon
and the boy begins to draw a key
with his purple one. And then
they are able to once they draw
the keys, the keys kind of come
to life. Each one is holds a key
to the matching color of the
stick or crayon.
That they have and the bird is
kind of watching them and they
hold up the keys and they put
each one puts their key in the
one of the double doors and they
then open the double doors and
head into the tunnel along with
this purple bird to go and try
to find this man.
Oh wow.
So when they travel through the
tunnel, the other side of the
tunnel leads to.
A body of water. So the tunnel
is almost built into like a
Cliff side because it's it looks
like rock and and dirt. And
above the Cliff you can tell
that there's.
A grassy like vegetative area
that's above on the top part of
this Cliff, but there is some
water that it appears is coming
down through either a pipe or
something from the top of the
Cliff and it pours over the
Cliff into the body of water
that the the tunnel door kind of
leads to.
On the other, it's not a big
body of water. Um, I would say
it's like a little bit of like
a.
Umm.
I don't know if it's a canal
maybe, but on the other side of
the water.
Is there's some vegetation and
then on that ground there is.
A big.
It almost kind of looks like a
castle. It's very castle like,
but I believe it's different
buildings. So on the other side
is another very tall bridge.
That underneath the bridge there
is a boat that has the two men
in the body armor that took the
old man, the old man, and then
there appeared to be other
people, Umm, a couple other
people wearing body armor. And
then the other people that are
on the boat appear to be dressed
in green and they're kind of
leading. They're telling the old
man to head to the front of the
boat and the boat is headed
under the.
Bridge.
Um, and again there's there's
people in body armor above the
bridge kind of guarding. There
are in some of the other
buildings. You can tell that
there's people with body armor
guarding. There's some planes in
the air that are carrying people
with body who have this body
armor. So they look like guards
of some port some type.
And it looks like there is some
fires at the top of some of the
buildings because it you can see
some red and orange coming up
from the top of the buildings
and that leads into smoke. So I
would assume that maybe there is
some kind of a war or somebody
has taken over this little city
area and some of the buildings
are on fire and and so the kids
have exited out through that
tunnel door.
And they're not quite in the
water, but there's a couple of
large rocks that lead out into
the water, and they are perched
on one of the large rocks
watching this boat take the
older gentleman under the
bridge.
So now we have a view where you
can actually tell that the water
is much bigger when you when the
water goes through or under the
bridge, it leads out to more
water. So it looks like it is a
bigger body of water. The kids
are still at this rock and
they're looking at the map,
they're, they're looking at the
different circles that are on
the map.
And they're looking at the
yellow circle or the the little
girl's pointing to the yellow
circle. And the next frame we
see a closer picture of the. We
see a close up of the picture,
which appears to also be kind of
a map. Even though it's got the
circles drawn, we can tell now
that the.
Red. So the red is drawn around
to the purple, and then the
orange draws around to the
purple. Yellow draws around to
the purple. So on one side of
the purple you only see the
purple, but on the other side
you see all of the different
colors drawn into the purple.
And each smaller circle has a
different scene on the inside of
that circle. For instance, it
begins with the Red circle,
which has the.
Picture of under the bridge
where the two kids were by the
wooden doors. That's the scene
for the Red Circle, the orange
circle where they took.
The man is a picture of this
little city that they saw when
they come, came through the
tunnel and they're pointing to
the yellow circle, which would
be the next in the sequence. And
that is a picture of another
building, but it appears to be
underwater because it's got
some, it looks like it's got
some sea plants around it and
that there are fish swimming
above this building.
And then on the behind that is
kind of a a hand drawn map of
vegetation, mountains, water.
It's like a hand drawn map of
what the layout of the land
looks like. OK.
Alright, so still on the still
kind of perched on the rock.
The two kids then see some
smaller little boats.
Like gondola type boats that
come around through the water
and they are carrying more men
in body armor. The first boat,
however, has.
Uh.
A man wearing yellow. I can't
tell if it's body armor or if
it's just his his uniform, but
he has some kind of a. He also
has some kind of a crown or
something on his head. And you
can tell he is leading the men
in the body armor and he is
pointing to the rock that the
two young kids are on. And then.
In the next scene we see.
Each we see the boy and the girl
pull out their sticks and begin
to draw.
Begin to draw.
Oh God, what are those things
called?
Umm.
They're like the they're like
the flappers that you put on
your feet when you swim. So you
have kind of like webbed feet.
So the little girl is drawing
those and it also appears that
she is drawing like a tank and
headgear for them to be able to
wear to go into the water. And
then the boy it looks like he is
drawing possibly an octopus. It
looks like he's drawing
tentacles of some sort.
And then then in the next scene
you see.
Just the feet of the children
both wearing these little.
Swim, swim flappers I guess on
their feet. And then you can see
the tentacles kind of still in
the water as well and they have
it It shows that they have then.
They've dove into the water to
go under, to go under the water.
Alright, let me move you back.
Once OK, once under the water
that you can see that they they
have on their gear, they have on
their tanks or oxygen tanks
their headgear. The little boy
still has the picture, the
little girl still has the sash
and they are hold and the bird
is with them as well. The Purple
bird is with them as well. And
they have each grabbed a hold of
one of the tentacles of it's
kind of like an octopus.
But it doesn't have the head of
it as little different. It's uh,
I'm not quite sure what the head
is like, but whatever this
creature is has has a lot of
tentacles, 123456789, 10, I
believe. There's 10 tentacles
and they're each holding one and
this creature is taking them
down under the water to this
little underground city and you
can see the building that was in
the yellow.
circle on the picture is within
this city and it is lit up, so
it is taking them down to that
building and you can see it
looks like there might be some
sharks and some other fish that
are swimming through the water
as well.
Uh, once down into this city,
which is kind of like it's, it's
kind of like ruins because it's
not a completely built building.
There are columns. This
particular building that it took
them to, there are columns.
It's uh.
It's got in the center of. It
doesn't have a roof, it's it's
open air because the roof it
appears has come off, as are
some other parts of the
building, but in the center of
the square or the columns in the
in the building on the floor is
around.
Kind of statue, pedestal statue.
There's some drawings of.
I guess the little boy and the
little girl that are actually on
the base of the pedestal and
then the center part of the
pedestal is kind of like a
seahorse.
Or a sea lion.
No seahorse.
It's got it looks like it might
have a couple of seahorses and
their backs are to each other so
that they form a pedestal, and
at the top it appears that there
is.
It's almost kind of like an
oyster, but instead of a Pearl,
it has the yellow like another
yet the yellow stick.
And then the purple bird is
still with them as well. The
Purple bird also has his gear.
He's got a little oxygen tank
on, and you can see some of the
sea plants and the sea life all
throughout the picture as well.
And the little girl picks up the
yellow stick.
And in the next frame you can
see she has placed the yellow
stick along with the orange
stick from the old man, the red
stick that she had and the
purple stick that the little boy
had in her sash. And she's
carrying them on her and they're
swimming away onto the next spot
of the map. But behind them is
the men with the body armor and
the man that was wearing the
yellow.
And they're kind of charging
after them in the water.
Then we see them swim so that
they finally make it to land,
and they come up from the water.
And they run onto the grass. Um,
this particular land has a
little bit more vegetation. It
looks like it's got some palm
trees, and so a lot more
greenery. So they come out of
the water. The little girl hands
the little boy his purple stick,
and you can then see them use
their sticks, the red and the
purple stick, to create another
drawing. So there it it appears,
if I had to guess.
They're going to possibly be
drawing an elephant, but we'll
see. We'll see in the next page.
Boom, OK.
Maybe I was wrong. I think it
actually might be more like a
rhinoceros.
But it is kind of like a
rhinoceros type of animal and
they also drew.
Oh boy, they drew.
A kind of canopy.
That sits on the top back of the
rhinoceros for them to sit in so
that they're sheltered and they
sit on top of this rhinoceros
like creature as the rhinoceros
carries them through the
vegetation along a road.
That leads to what appears to
be.
Another little city this now
this city is almost more like.
Like the pyramids, it's kind of
built more like a pyramid style,
um, the architecture.
I don't know if I said the.
The style before was a little
bit more like the.
Like the Greek or the Roman
columns.
And there's two statues that are
along the road.
That kind of let you know that
you're entering into this city.
And the next scene you can kind
of see the at the edge. The city
kind of is on the edge of the.
Of the island, and there is some
kind of a.
I guess it's like a hand bridge,
you know those really soft like
suspension type bridges that
leads to another building that's
kind of out in the middle of the
water and.
So we're kind of just looking
down from that.
All right. Now we've got a close
up of that, we'll call it
suspension bridge. I don't know
if that's the right word, but
it's a very soft bridge and
it's, it's old, it's worn. So
there's, you know, parts of it
that are kind of missing. But
the kids are running from the
edge of this little pyramid town
at the edge of that Cliff across
this little hand or.
uh foot suspension bridge trying
to get to this building that is
in the center of the water and
at the top of the.
Top of the building there's a
yellow glow. I don't know if
there's a person or something
waiting up there, but there's a
yellow glow at the very top of
the building.
All right, once.
Once they finally meet the get
to the top, you can see that
they maybe it's supposed to be
green.
Looks like it, yeah. OK. Sorry,
I thought it was yellow.
Yeah, it it's kind of like a
yellow green. We'll go with the
yellow green. So it appears that
they.
That might have a green stick
here. And again, the men with
the body armor are right behind
them on their trail, walking
this, this footbridge, this
footbridge.
But they grabbed the stick and
then they pull out their purple
and their red sticks and they
begin to draw.
Um, some some other items that
will hopefully help them escape
these men that are wearing the
armor?
Umm.
I guess I should have said if we
go back one, I could say that
the boy, the boy begins to draw
these.
Long Oval shapes, kind of like
the shape of a fan blade, and
the girl is drawing a look what
appears to be a kind of a thin
rectangular box.
Um.
And then on the next scene we
see that the.
The long ripped, the long
rectangular things the boy was
drawing were the wings for what
looks like.
Is that like a dragonfly?
Ohh yeah it I guess that
creature kind of appears to be
kind of like a dragonfly, but on
the bottom it has like little
legs as well and it's holding in
each.
Each set of legs I would it
looks like there's three on each
side and it's holding.
A rope and the rope leads down
to kind of like a a seat rope
that you would have. So that box
actually is like the seat. And
there's a rope on each side like
for a swing. And the little boy
and little girl and the purple
bird are sitting on the red seat
and the dragonfly is carrying
them away and they are just out
of the reach of the men with
wearing the body armor.
So the dragonfly.
OK, the dragonfly takes them.
To another building and this
building.
Building appears to be more like
it. It looks like it has some
kind of a a Buddha of some sort
on the side. And the lanterns.
There's a couple lanterns kind
of hanging from each corner of
the building, and at the very
top there is what appears to be
a green stick at the top of this
building. So the dragonfly takes
the little boy and little girl
drops them off at the top of the
building.
The little girl secures the
stick and you can see in the
background the men in the armor
are now on these planes. There's
these planes that look like
some, almost like an egg.
Like an egg shape that is
carrying.
I don't know what they are. It's
like an egg on top of a boat. Or
like the egg is carrying the
boat and the on the boats are
these.
Men and body armor, but they are
going through the air. They're
not going through the water.
So once once they pick up the
green stick, they've completed
the circle of all the different
colors. So the little girl has a
red, orange, yellow.
Yellow green, green and purple.
Stick in each holder of the sash
and the little boy still has the
picture and they still have the
bird with them as well.
So in the next frame we can see.
That two of these.
Two of these little.
Boat planes have kind of caught
up and are hovering right above
the top of this building.
And you can see the bird. The
Purple Bird has the sash with
all the colored sticks and he's
in the air and there is a man on
each.
Plane that is reaching out for
the bird. Trying to grab the
bird.
And you can kind of see the kids
or feel fearful at the top of
the building.
And then in the next frame.
We don't see the kids, we don't
see the bird, we don't see the
sticks. We just see the three.
Planes of the men in the body
armor.
But then we get to a page where
we can see.
The bird that had the sash with
all the different sticks lined
up in the sash is is flying away
from that top of that building,
and as he does, the colors from
the sticks are creating a
rainbow.
That runs from where the kids
are at the top of the building
to where the bird is flying with
the sash. So it's kind of
running across the sky and the
colors are coming out from the
rainbow and the force of the.
Rainbow is blinding the men who
are wearing body armor in these
planes, so the color is so
forceful from the rainbow that
they're the men are covering
their eyes and they're falling
out of the planes and they're
trying to hold on because it is
so bright and forceful.
Um.
Then you can see at this point,
from this perspective, we can
see where the rainbow begins
with the kids at the top of the
building, but the bird continues
to fly away and create an even
bigger rainbow. And he flies
over the bridge that we saw with
the Castle like City, and he
flies all the way above the boat
that had been carrying the man.
In the orange robe, the older
man in the orange robe, and so
the rainbow hits.
The rainbow hits the the boat.
And the man is rejoicing. The
man in the orange is rejoicing
as is, as are the people that
were wearing green. But all of
the men in the body armor again
are being blinded by the colors
and the forcefulness of the
colors of the rainbow, and they
are falling off of the ship over
into the water.
All right. And then finally in
this scene, we see a.
We see a view of a.
This is like the top of one of
the bridges, but it's.
In this city that's kind of that
castle like city, and you can
see it's very it's a lot more
colorful. There's a big rainbow
in the sky that's that's kind of
going over the city and
protecting it. You see the
dragonfly, you see the purple
bird, you see the purple
octopus, you see the rhinoceros
and all the people who were
dressed in green, you kind of
see them leading.
They're back in their boats and
they're back guarding the city.
And and we still see that one
boat that that they had the old
man on is now.
It's now being led by.
The men who were dressed in
green and the man is now riding
the rhinoceros in front of the
little boy and little girl, so
they're still under that red
canopy and in front of them is
the man in the orange, and
they're waving to everybody in
the city.
It's.
Then once they get to the rock,
they go back to the rock that's
just outside of where that
tunnel led to, and the man is
held. The older man is helping
the kids off of the rhinoceros
and they come down to the rock.
You can also tell that the
greenery that was on top of that
Cliff and that ledge now has
pretty colorful flowers growing
on that greenery. You still see
the.
The rainbow in the background
and the sky. The octopus is down
in the water, the dragonfly is
flying in the air. And the kids
then.
Um, the kids then go into
they're standing by the tunnel
door, the man. They still have
their purple bird with them, by
the way. The man pulls out his
orange stick and he draws a
crown for each of the children,
and he places the crown on their
heads and he waves. He thanks
them, and then he waved. The
kids waved goodbye to them, to
him, each one carrying their
respective.
Stick still.
And then as they exit back
through the wooden doors that
were under the tunnel where they
were sheltering while it was
raining, you can see them look
out.
On the other side of the tunnel
to see the cityscape and a
really pretty beautiful rainbow.
Over the city.
And you can see the street
lights and all the greenery and
it's everything has come back to
life. It's sunny and very
colorful now. #END_quest
Yeah, that was the last page of
the story. OK, good.
OK, so now let's move on to the
next item. OK, another as you
can tell, the styles are similar
to those two stories.
Again, whenever you're ready.
OK.
#START_journey Alright, so this
book is, it looks like it is a
similar story of the two kids we
see the same little boy and
there's the same little girl.
This time they are. They're also
in a a city center.
I'm trying to think of this
style.
It's the buildings and in the
background is kind of a brownish
Gray. This one is titled for
Josephine, so maybe we'll find
out who Josephine is. But we're
looking at them on a street
level and you can see the boy
holding his purple stick. He is
by a mailbox. You can see some
other kids in the background,
skateboarding, riding their
bikes high fiving each other.
You see the old style street
lamps, but you also see.
Regular Street lights and signs
arrow signs you see street signs
that have the name of the
streets, you see a fire hydrant
and then on the.
Other.
Picture on the second page you
see the little girl, kind of
sad. She's sitting on the top of
the step outside of the
building.
And you would assume that that
building is where she lives
because you can kind of see the
inside of the rooms. You can see
there's a stairway when you walk
in, a place to hang your hat and
your coat with a mirror. Then
there is like a little hall
table with pictures and a light
and a plant. There's a woman
behind that that's cooking in
the kitchen.
And then upstairs you can see a
man at a computer with
bookshelves and looks like maybe
some certificates on the wall.
And in the room behind that, you
can see a girl who appears to be
on her phone or playing with
something while she's laying
down on the couch. But the
little girl is sitting at the
top of the outside porch, front
step, and she is kind of sad,
kind of hugging her knees and
looking down.
And it looks like she has a red
scooter that's kind of parked
right at the bottom of the step
as well.
Keep them in this one today.
OK.
So.
And the next page we see the
little girl in the kitchen with
her mom. She has her scooter,
her red scooter in the kitchen
and her mom is cooking and on
the phone and she's on an old
style phone. So Umm when that
had a has a cord. So the phone
is actually like on the wall. I
don't think it's a Rotary phone,
but the phone is attached to the
wall and there's a long cord.
The mom is talking on the phone
while she's cooking and then the
little girl decides to go.
She she now has a red kite and
she takes the kite upstairs to
where her dad is and her dad is
sitting at a desk on a computer
and he's busy with what appears
to be working on the computer.
Then she goes and she she takes
a red ball up to.
The girl who is laying on the
couch on her phone, I would
assume that's maybe her older
sister. And all of them are just
kind of busy and preoccupied in
their own activities, not really
paying attention to her and not
really able to give her any
attention or be able to play
with her. So in then in our next
frame, we see her back in her
room and she's just sitting on
her bed looking very upset, her
head down, frowning, arms
crossed and.
We see she's got a map of the
world above her bed. She's got a
little sailboats on her
comforter. She has a dresser
with little trash can and a
light picture on the wall. And
then she does have a cute little
Kitty cat that's curled up on
the floor on some papers.
Then we see the Kitty cat get up
and head out the door outside of
out her bedroom door and when he
gets up.
She sees that the cat was laying
on her red stick.
So she looks over at the stick.
She picks it up.
And she begins to draw on her
wall a door.
An arched door, and once she's
finished drawing the arched
door, she opens the doors and
she goes through the door into
where the to see where the door
leads.
On the other side of the door,
she comes out.
It's not a tunnel, it's like the
door just opens into.
Umm.
It's kind of like a forest. The
door is actually like a part of
the base of a tree trunk.
And it's very pretty. It's kind
of all, it's all green tones,
and it looks like there is a
small little Creek that winds
through the land, through the
trees. But there are also
strings of little lights running
through the trees, as well as
different lanterns. They're kind
of like.
Like Asian lanterns that are
hanging.
And it's very pretty and very it
looks very peaceful and calm.
And she is. She's still standing
at the door when she walks
through holding her red stick,
and she's looking out into this
little forest area.
So she walks through the forest.
She does find a little, very
small little wooden dock that
extends into the water, and she
goes to the edge of the dock and
looks down into the water. She
then begins to draw at the
bottom of the dock above the
water, a red boat. And so she's
drawing this red boat, and once
she is completed drawing the red
boat, she hops.
Into the boat.
And starts to sail away from the
dock.
And she takes.
The boat down the Little Creek
or canal and it leads.
Back over to this castle. Kind
of castle like city.
And we see this big castle like
city. It is primarily of a.
This is primarily green tones to
the coloring of everything.
There are some gold domes on top
of some of the buildings. Some
of the buildings have little
flags. You can see some people
that are.
Guarding on the top you can see
some people in boats going along
the waterways and the bridge,
but not too too populated.
All right, so the little girl
has now entered into the city
and instead of roadways, they
are.
Waterways kind of similar to
Venice. And it looks like there
is like a couple of gondola like
boats that are on these
waterways. And so the little
girl's in her red boat and as
she enters back into the city,
all the men who are wearing
green are waving at her and
welcoming her back to the city.
Let's see. And she gets to the
end of.
The one waterway and it is, it's
a drop, so the water just pours
down.
Into.
I guess the main body of water
and so she gets to the end of
the waterway and her red boat
and she goes overboard and as
she is.
Going down, she pulls out her
red stick and she begins to draw
what appears to be a circle.
And the circle ends up a like a
hot air balloon, like a red hot
air balloon. So she hops into
the hot air balloon and she
waves goodbye to the men in
green, and the hot air balloon
carries her off.
Um, we see in the next picture
that she's... well We don't see
her. We see above the clouds. We
can see the little purple bird.
We can see a.
We can see some of those little.
Flying boats. They're like boat
planes, but there's also a
bigger.
Contraption, and I don't know,
this is hard to explain. It's
kind of like a boat because it
has like a water wheel that you
would find on like a bigger boat
or a ship, but it's a little
more industrialized because it
looks like it has.
I don't know if it's got it's
got some kind of industrialized
component to it, like a a
machine would on the top part of
it and you do see a man.
Kind of kind of yellow, golden
in color, holding something up
in his hands, but I'm not quite
sure what that is.
The little girl is flying high
above the clouds. And she.
Looks down and she can see.
Umm.
This man, this kind of yellow
man is.
It looks like he's got a gun,
and he is.
No, maybe it's not a gun.
I think he's pointing. He does
have a couple of people who are
dressed in body armor and he's
pointing to them to capture the
purple bird. And so there is
one.
Man who is basically off of the
plane and he's got a net trying
to capture this purple bird, and
then he's being held onto the
plane by a second man who is
being held back by a third man
so that they don't fall off of
this this plane.
And ohh, now we can tell the
thing that the man was holding
was some kind of a there's a
cage because unfortunately they
have now gotten the purple bird.
And the little girl still in her
red air hot air balloon and
she's overlooking this.
Um, where they have got the
purple bird in a cage and it
looks like on the backside of
this contraption is a gold thing
with Umm, it's got like a gold
bird on it and.
I I'm still not 100% sure of
what it is. Maybe we'll find
that out in the next in the next
page.
But we can see now that we're
closer to this big machine like
ship, we can see that it is
metal. It is. It's almost like a
factory. So it's got like
mechanical parts, like a
factory, but it's built to
propel in the air.
So little girl hops out. She
lands on one of the landings of
this.
I'm going to call the
contraption because I don't know
what it is, but she exits out of
the hot air balloon and she is
running.
Along into a doorway that leads
to one of the towers.
And she's got her red stick. And
once she gets over there, she
climbs the ladder and she climbs
up to this little golden.
Umm.
I don't know if it's a statue or
or topped building and on the
inside of that there are two men
in armor and they are guarding
this purple bird that is in a
gold cage and she is climbing up
to hopefully try to rescue this
cute little purple bird.
And of course she does, because
she's successful. And she she
grabs the cage that has the bird
in it and she still has her red
stick, and she runs away and you
see the two men in the body
armor and they have, they have
their little.
Spears. Maybe it wasn't dagger.
I was thinking of a spear
earlier. They're Spears. They
have these two long Spears.
And they are.
Telling her to stop and then
trying to reach after her, but
she is determined and she runs.
And she gets to the edge and she
opens the cage and she lets the
bird fly away. She frees the
bird. But you can see all these
men in body armor that are
inside of this factory machine
start running with Spears after
her.
And because she had to let the
cage door open and let the bird
go, she set her red crayon down
next to the cage. And
unfortunately, it looks like a
couple of the men in the body
armor grab the arm of the little
girl and the.
Umm.
Man that was in the yellow is
standing at the edge with his
hand on his hip and his other
arm outstretched, and you can
see the red stick dropped down
and fall from the ledge where
where they're all standing.
In the next page we see.
We see the girl, she's in a
she's in a different, she's like
in a hanging cage. It's
different than the one that the
bird was in. But she's in a
hanging cage and at the top it's
hanging off of this factory.
boat Contraption airplane
contraption because it it has a
wheel like a boat. It has a
propeller like a plane, but it's
almost like a factory. But above
she's hanging like by a chain.
And there's two men that are
kind of turning this wheel like
you would see on a boat, like a
captains wheel.
And they're turning it, and she
is in this kind of cage kind of
hanging, and she's looking down
below her.
And then we see the bird save
the day. He is flying back to
the little girl and he has got
her red stick in his beak and he
is flying to her. She is jumping
for joy with her arms open and
outstretched.
And the bird gives her back the
red stick and he sits on her
shoulder and she begins to draw
a box.
And the box that she's drawing
ends up kind of like a magic
carpet. So she sits on this red
carpet and she is flying through
the air. Following this,
following the Purple Bird she is
now flying over.
Possibly the same city. She
might be flying over the city
right now.
And we see in the next picture.
That it's kind of dusk and
turning to night time, the the
sky has gotten darker. It's now
a bit more of like a purple and
then closer to the horizon it's
a little bit more pink and
there's little stars in the sky.
And the little girl is still on
her red carpet, traveling over
this city and following the
bird. And on the next page we
see the bird head down to.
A part of land where there is
like a single palm tree.
And so they land on the ground.
The little girl gets off of the
carpet. She does have her red
stick. And at the base of this
palm tree is a purple arch door.
And the the bird is sitting next
to the palm tree. And so the
little girl gets down and she
opens the purple door and the
bird flies through and then she
goes behind the bird with her
red stick through the purple
door.
And on the other side of the
door.
Is.
It leads it, actually. The
doorway leads to the mailbox
that we saw in the very first
picture of that was on the
street that the little boy was
standing there. There was a
mailbox there.
And through that mailbox comes
the purple bird and the little
girl carrying her red stick. And
the little boy sees them, and he
is running towards them with his
arms wide open.
Very happy to see them. He's got
his purple stick. The little
bird perches on the stick in his
hand and he helps the little
girl up and she draws a circle
and the boy draws a circle.
And together they they drew a
bicycle. So one wheel is purple,
one wheel is red, and it's a
double seater bicycle and little
girl is.
At the front of the bike and she
is pointing forward and the bird
is following behind them as they
peddle away. #END_journey
All right. That was great. That
was that. Was that it? Yeah,
that was OK. Good story. OK.
OK then.
We have another story you.
My head remembered. Uh-huh.
Yeah, yeah. Whenever you're
ready, take 10 between 10 to 15
minutes to OK.
That's fine, um.
All right, I got to switch
modes. Are these all the same
artists or is it different
artists for different types?
Before those two stories, they
are from the same artist from
the same series, and right now
we're looking at parts of.
Of different book, so they're OK
from different books. They just
all have this like.
Variations of real animals and
variations of real planes or
real, you know, they're all. So
it's like it's I wonder if it's
the same person.
#START_arrival_1 OK, so in this
we see a series of.
Um.
Pictures they they're kind of.
Like a hand drawn or like a
charcoal type of a picture, but
they're brown, they're brown in
tone. And in the first picture
we see an actual picture in A
frame of a man, a woman and a
little girl.
We then see a hand reach to pick
up the picture frame.
Then you see two hands and you
can see like a white cloth. They
place the picture in a white
cloth and fold it over to cover
and protect the picture. Then
you see the two hands, take some
string and tie it around the
cloth in the picture.
Um, kind of tie it into a bow
like you would around the
present, and then they put it in
a suitcase, they.
Seal the suitcase up and rest
both of their hands on the top
of the suitcase.
Um, then we see a.
Paper. It's kind of like a paper
crane, kind of like origami. We
see a picture of a.
Of a clock um.
I don't know why I'm drawing a
blank on some of these things.
It's a clock that's in. It's not
a wall clock. It's like a little
desk clock and it's in like a
little wooden.
Not a box, but it's a decorative
wooden.
Clock that you would see like on
a desk or a shelf. We see a
picture of a hat, a black, kind
of like a black top hat, hanging
as well as.
Umm.
It's a piece of fabric. I don't
know if it's a towel or a shirt.
We see a pot and a spoon, a
cooking pot and a spoon. We see
a hand drawn picture from a
child of a mom and a dad and the
child and a little bird with the
sun, maybe some birds flying in
the background. We see a cracked
porcelain teapot that has hot
water in it because we see the
steam coming out. We see a
picture of a coffee pot. We see
a picture of a teacup.
Or coffee cup.
With some kind of liquid in
there. And then it appears that
there is maybe some money, some
bills of money next to that.
We see the opening of the
luggage with the wrapped picture
frame that's sitting on the top,
and then we see the picture kind
of up close of the husband and
the wife and the child, and then
in the next picture we see.
what appears to be the man and
the woman.
Looking kind of sad and.
Worried. And they have closed up
the suitcase and they're holding
each other's hands on the top of
the suitcase and they're kind of
looking down at the hands, at
their hands.
And they're in, oh, I guess I
should say they're in a kitchen
and the the luggage is on a
table. There's three chairs
surrounding the table and you
see the items that you saw in
the previous picture. So you see
the little origami crane on a
shelf. You see the clock on a
shelf. You see the picture, the
hand drawn picture hanging in
the background, the hat hanging
in the background. On the stove,
you can see the pot and you see
the.
Teacup or the coffee cup with
the kettle and the money on the
table in front of the luggage.
Then we see a picture of a
little girl sleeping with her,
kind of covering her face with
her covers, and then she lifts
her head. You can kind of she
peers out from the covers, she
sits up, she yawns, and she Umm.
Kind of rubs her eyes. She then
comes down to the kitchen.
And she has a bowl and a spoon
where she's having breakfast.
And while she's eating she looks
over and she sees the luggage.
She sees the luggage over on the
side. Then we see the man put on
his coat and his hat. We see the
woman take the fabric or the
scarf, cover her head, and they
put a coat and a hat on the
little girl as well. She puts on
her rain boots and she picks up
the luggage.
And the father takes the luggage
from her, and you see them exit
out of a doorway, down a few
steps, and then head off. The
husband, the wife, the daughter,
and the man is carrying the
luggage, but you see a
reflection. There's a shadow and
a reflection of a spiked tail
against the building of which
they.
Were just in that they exited.
{EXTRA CONTENT FROM CHAPTER 1 We
can see that that building was
kind of like a townhouse or row
house style of housing. We can
now see that there are several
connected and we can see a
bigger reflected. We can see a
bigger shadow and the actual
tail is much bigger, this spiked
tail, but we're still not able
to see.
The creature just the tail is a
lot bigger. In the second photo
we see each of these little
townhouses row houses has
chimneys and we can see rows of
these houses and this spike tail
kind of weaves over and through
each row of the houses. So the
tail is quite long and it just
it winds.
Through each row of the houses.}
Then we see the little girl look
up, kind of frightened and sad.
She's holding her dad's hand.
She then looks down, kind of
sad, and then she looked
straight ahead.
And we can see people with their
luggage waiting along the side
with the train. There's like a
locomotive train that's coming
in and we see the little girl.
Worried, and the father puts his
hand on her shoulder, and he
lifts up his hat and on his
head, under his hat is the
origami crane, and he gives
little.
Origami bird to the little girl.
And she holds it and looks at it
in her hand. And then she hugs
the father.
And then she is continuing to
hold the the little bird and we
see the mother with her scarf on
and she's got like a
handkerchief and she's crying
and she's dabbing her eyes.
We can see her then hug the
father, and the father whispers
something into her ear. And then
we see the Father board the
train with his luggage and then
he grabs the hand of the wife
and the hand of little girl.
To say goodbye and then.
Their hands let go and the train
starts off and carries him away
into the distance.
{EXTRA CONTENT FROM CHAPTER 1
Then we see the little girl and
the mother head back along the
it's kind of like a like a
cobblestone St and they're
winding through the street,
through one of the rows of
these.
Row homes or townhomes and you
can see the waves of the spike
tail all through the sky just
going over and curving through
the sky over these homes.}
All right. That was that part of
the story. OK, why don't we take
the 10 minute break, OK?
OK.
So this is a complex scene.
Please take between three and
five minutes to describe the
scene in as much detail as you
can. OK?
#STRAT_dinasours_spacemen_and_ghouls
So in this scene, which is a
where's Waldo? We've got.
Huh.
I'm bad. Today we have one of
those scene like scene cards
that they use where they go
lights, camera, action and it's
black and white and they clip it
up and then put it down to start
the scene and it's called
dinosaurs, spacemen, and ghouls.
And it has like, a little bit of
a description of this particular
where's Waldo story?
So in the first page.
Which I can't tell her the page
is supposed to be.
Like connecting.
Perhaps of the same page. {OK,
scan those pictures. So we OK,
what happened? And the other
OK.} So in this scene we see, we
see a lot going on in the
Where's Waldo? It's very
colorful. Lots of people on the
left side of the page we see.
What appears to be.
Some kind of almost like volcano
type of a structure. It's kind
of orange in the background, but
it does have a a peak that has
like yellow and white coming out
of it. And there's almost like
Cavemen at the top of that. But
then all over the side of this
volcano there's lots of Cavemen
and then there appear to be
dinosaurs kind of lounging
around as well.
Um, I'm not very good with my
types of dinosaurs, but we've
got them green, we've got them
red, blue, pink. They seem to be
happy and playful. They're
smiling. They are lounging.
One's laying on his back. While
a caveman is like, tickling him.
One is kind of sticking his
tongue out and waving his hands
next to his ears, playing with
the others. So lots of Cavemen,
lots of dinosaurs.
On the other side of the.
Of the volcano and what's kind
of on the right side is a scene.
It looks like this is.
Uh, again, a movie. So it's
almost like it's a set. And
there is.
Like a a scene background that
they that there are men.
Um, kind of putting together and
behind this, this background you
see ladders and all kinds of.
Uh, ropes hanging. And I forget
what those are called too. But
you can see them kind of working
on putting this background
together, and they are. There's
a man who's painted most of the
background. It's actually being
painted blue, and then it's got
spacemen and spaceships as well
as.
I don't know what those are.
They're these little green,
little green men. Maybe those
are the ghouls, I don't know.
But there's a man on a ladder
and he's almost finished
painting this background. You
can also see that there are
camera lights above the volcano
as well as above this background
scene.
And then on the on the bottom of
the pages, you can see that
there are smaller sets. So
there's three smaller sets. One
set is. It looks like it's a.
Costume area. You can see
several chairs along a vanity
with three different mirrors and
there's three different people
sitting in the chairs and
someone is doing their hair.
There's also 3 doors for kind of
for wardrobe, for changing. You
can see a spaceman is coming out
of one, a dinosaur's going into
another. You can see racks of
clothing and lots of workers
kind of prepping.
The caveman and the dinosaurs,
the spacemen and all the actors
for the scene, the middle set is
painted blue. It's night time.
You can see that there are some
trees. There is kind of some
like they're not arched, but
they're kind of like church
style windows that I guess
they're kind of arched. They're
kind of pointed and they are
black, but there are sets of
eyes on the other side. So you
see these sets of white.
Eyes, sets of green eyes, sets
of red eyes. And then there's
actors and directors and just
costume people, people that work
on the set that are kind of
surrounding this particular
scene set. They also have lights
and cameras, but there's a big
ice cream cone kind of on a
pedestal in front of these two
windows, like a vanilla ice
cream cone, like a soft serve.
That sounds really good right
now and.
And the third scene we see a set
that is a kind of like a
cafeteria. It's got some
pictures of of pie on the wall
like pie ice cream. We can see
women and men dressed in
waitress style clothing, pink
with white aprons and white
hats, men dressed with chef hats
and white coats and they're
behind a buffet style glass.
Partition.
And they're serving food and
then at the end there's a woman
who is at a cash register that's
ringing people. So you've got
and you've also got some tables.
You have diners, people are
dining. So they go through kind
of like cafeteria style. They
get what they want, they pay for
it and then they go sit at the,
Umm, the tables. So I would
imagine that's kind of like the
little lunch, dinner, breakfast
spot while they're on set. It's
a lot.
It's just a lot going on. Yeah,
that's good, yeah.
#END_dinasours_spacemen_and_ghouls
And then we're gonna move on to
another similar picture.
Oh wow. OK, a lot going on.
#START_wild_west All right, so
this is this looks like it's
another scene for for where's
Waldo. This one also has one of
the movie little movie cards.
I'm going to have to look that
up. The black and white movie
card. This one's called the Wild
Wild West and it is.
Kind of it kind of reminds me
of.
It's it's like a little city
town center and used to have.
Like everything kind of next to
each other old style. So there's
a general store, there's a
saloon, there's a hotel, there's
a jail and a lot of the
buildings have are multi
stories. And the second story
has like a little balcony, so
like on the saloon the first,
the first level has a little
balcony or like a little porch
and then there's a like a
canopy.
or partition that comes out for
a balcony to be on the top level
of that as well, and there's
almost, there's one on almost
every building and there are
people everywhere, so let's see.
In the first picture we've got.
A lot of men and women, lot of
the men wearing cowboy hats
because this is appears to be
taking place.
Quite a while ago, during kind
of like the Wild West, so a lot
of men wearing cowboy hats,
boots, carrying guns and and on
holsters on their belts. You see
women dressed in long dresses,
some of them are wearing hats.
You see, let's see, there's a I
did say there's a jail. There's
some wanted posters on the
outside of the jail. There are
people. Oh, it looks like,
behind the jail and the hotel is
a gold mine. So you see like a
mound of gold and the gold is.
I don't know if it's kind of
running through on the streets,
but there's a lot of people
entering and exiting the gold
mines there are.
People on the top of the hotel
looks like they're tourists, and
they're being held up by
somebody wearing a cowboy hat
and a bandana scarf, and he's
got two guns in his hands. He's
kind of holding them up. It
appears that there are people
robbing the saloon.
So, so maybe this is like a hold
up. Maybe there's like people
all in the town, but there's
also these people that came in
and are robbing them. So there's
two men that are leaving the
saloon on the top through the
window and they're carrying.
Bags. So it looks like they've
got bags of money. People coming
out of this saloon kind of
running very chaotic.
It's it looks like there's a
Stampede of Buffalo, but it's
Buffalo on an actual stamps. So
there's these like 29 cent
stamps of Buffalo and they're
all lined up behind one another.
That's very clever. There are
some wagons with people in the
wagons traveling through on the
roads.
There's a on top of another
saloon there is looks like there
were musicians playing violin,
playing the piano, and on some
of the other saloons you see
even more people coming through
the windows with bags of money.
There's people painting above
the bank, the sides of some of
the buildings, workers out, you
see.
Actually, in the one on the
right. You see a train coming
through and you see workers with
the train. I don't know if it's
something is maybe broken.
They're kind of fixing something
on the wheel. See people waiting
for the train, people getting
off, waving to each other and.
You know, coming into town, so
it it appears that the scene on
the right is kind of, it's
crowded and there's a lot going
on, but it's normal. But the
scene on the left, you see all
these people with guns kind of
robbing these people in the
town. #END_wild_west
That was a hard one, yeah.
And OK, praise yourself because
OK, got another one. Alright.
Ohh, this one isn't as bad. This
one seems a little easier. Yeah.
I think the OK versions of the
Waldo books are little less
chaotic. Yes.
#START_unfriendly_giants
Alright, so this one instead of
little movie scene, we've got
actually like a paper that
unrolls this one's called the
unfriendly giants.
So it looks like Waldo is in the
land of unfriendly giants. We
see land, literally. Greenery.
Some patches of kind of like
forestry with lots of trees.
Otherwise it's just kind of
grassy. There is a little bit of
a Cliff in a hill towards the
top in the back of the picture
leads up to kind of like a stone
castle. There's a windmill in
the back.
There are some of those towers.
They're like wooden towers and
they have like a wooden. It's
not an axe, but it's like a
wooden.
Piece that, uh, like a gavel
almost. That kind of comes down
and it helps.
It helps them with water and.
Like farming and then.
There's obviously lots of little
people, people running through
the town, people coming out from
a house, people working on the
land, and some people have
swords, some people are.
Fighting.
Some people are just climbing
the hill. But among all these
people are these really big
giants. Predominantly, let's
see, it looks like it's
predominantly men. However,
there are wooden giant women.
Um, they're they're actually.
Like wooden.
Not statues, but they're like
wooden panels that are carved in
the shape of women and they are
painted and made-up to look like
women. So they've got hair,
faces, lips, they've got shirts
on, hands. They're one hand is
waving and the other one is down
and then they've got on skirts
and they're kind of on the
backside of these wooden towers
that are used in the farming.
But the Giants are unaware that
these went these women are
wooden, because there is I see
two of the women and there is
man. No, there's I see three of
them, and there's a man, a giant
man, who is actually.
Approaching the women like each
one and it looks like, I don't
know, it's almost like they're
trying to kiss them because
their lips are pointed out as if
they want to kiss. One has some
flowers, although it's really a
tree, like a tree that he pulled
out and he's giving it to her.
But there's all kinds of giants
throughout here as well, and the
Giants seem to be not friendly
and kind of wreaking havoc. Some
are playing chess with little.
With actual people, some are
drinking through straws, the
water in the Little lakes and
rivers of the land. They're
drinking all the water out with
the straw. Some are. There's one
guy that had a couple guys that
have ropes and they're roping
some of the little people
together. And then there's some
that have put people on their
belts. They've like put them in
little holsters on their belts.
And they're carrying these
little people around as they run
around through the land.
Making havoc.
#END_unfriendly_giants
Alright, that's good. OK.
Some.
I guess I should talk more about
colors.
OK. That was totally fine. OK.
#START_airport In the next scene
we see a postcard.
Uh from Waldo and he is at the
airport.
{It says, it's me again, Waldo.
Folks. Some very strange things
happened at the airport this
morning. A helicopter chopped
down all the flagpoles, a
smuggler was caught hiding
watches under his beard, and a
herd of elephants was getting
onto a jumbo jet. Weird.} So we
are. We're at a.
We're at a an airport. We can't.
We're kind of like on the.
On the runway here because or
the tarmac or the runway, we can
see all different types of
planes, some big planes and then
some are smaller planes. We can
see the little shuttle buses
that the that take people but
also that the workers use. So
there's some shuttle buses that
actually have customers and
people who are going to board
the airplane or deboard the
airplane and pick them up and
then.
Some of the little shuttles are
for the workers to carry luggage
and to any equipment that they
might need to prep the plane. We
do see the.
The like air traffic control
building.
We see. And there's just planes
galore. There's actually, I want
to say there's a spaceship in
one corner. It looks like there
might be some kind of rocket.
On another one. Um, just all
kinds of different planes here.
And then?
A lot going on. Like I said,
there's one big plane where
people are deboarding, luggage
is being loaded. There are
people boarding one of the
shuttles, obviously lots of
workers, lots of workers running
around. One of the workers, I
don't know if that's a fire
truck, I don't think so, but one
of the worker, one of the
shuttles, has a hose.
And it's spraying, it's spraying
people. Yeah, ohh.
There are, there's luggage that
and freight that has been set
down and there are employees
hiding behind the freight that
are smoking cigarettes. And so
there's smoke coming up from
behind the freight. And so this
shuttle is coming with a water
hose because they probably think
something is on fire, but
instead they're spraying some of
the people from another plane
that that.
Is deboarding.
We can see.
Let's see. There's a hot air
balloon. There's a helicopter.
Just all kinds of things.
There's a random shoe.
Out.
Uh, in the grassy part of the
runway and then at the bottom of
the screen, we can kind of see
the inside of the building of
the airport where lots of
passengers waiting, lots of
airline flight attendants and
airline workers who.
Who do the ticketing. The
baggage carousel.
Possibly, maybe lost and found.
And you can kind of see them
all. On the inside there is a
man who has a coat and he's got
all kinds of watches on him.
There is a trying to find the
elephant but I don't know. Ohh,
there are elephants boarding a
plane. Yep, there there's a
jumbo jet and there are four
elephants. One is actually
stepping up and the other three
are in line to step up.
Um, and it does appear that the
flagpoles, the helicopter I
guess trying to land, did chop
down some of the flagpoles so
there's some flags on the
ground. #END_airport
Uh, yeah, it's uh, it's a lot.
That was good. OK.
OK.
#START_ancient_rome Alright, so
this where's Waldo takes us back
2000 years ago. This one is a
book that's open. It's called
fun in games in ancient Rome,
but instead of a you, it's a V
in fun because it's the the Old
English style from 2000 or the
old Roman style from 2000.
Years ago and we see.
Inside um.
I guess it's like the Colosseum,
maybe? It's round, it's open air
and it appears to have some kind
of like a sand, a sand floor,
maybe. There's.
A lot going on on stage. There
are, it looks like the Colsseum.
It does have a lot of people.
There's people sitting in the
stands watching down to watch
the games there are.
There are some.
kind of like horse drawn
carriages, but there's instead
of it being a carriage, there's
just a small little carriage on
the backside. One of the horse
is reining people.
And the other two have uh, well
they there was two people
reining the horses, although on
one of them it looks like the
man has slipped off and is
trying to hold on to it.
There are lions that are.
Have gotten loose and there's a
couple that are running around.
One has chased some people up
the side of the Coliseum. The
there is also a group of lions
that has decided to climb on top
of one another to allow the
Lions to get into the seating
area. And so there's two lions
that have come over the top out
of the arena and into the stands
and you see people just running.
You see them.
Leaving behind their belongings
and they're running on that part
of the Coliseum. Meanwhile,
everybody else in the stadium on
the other side is really still
cheering on the.
The games. Behind the main
entryway into the Coliseum, you
see the guards and you see kind
of like a bed, like a royal
style bed seating area. So you
would assume that there's some
kind of royalty sitting there
because there's there's some
guards standing next to them and
then there's guards in front of
them.
And there's people with Spears,
there's people.
There's tigers, there's Jaguars,
there's.
Um.
Or maybe leopards, all kinds of
these wild animals and.
Some of them are wreaking havoc
with the people. There's one
who's on top of a a man. There's
another one who's quite hungry
and is licking his lips. He's
got on a bib and a fork and a
knife.
Ready to eat them.
But you see, you know, all these
people kind of running through
on the sand and it.
I don't know. This is bizarre.
Yeah, they have Shields and
swords, you know, they're,
they're, they're in the middle
of games. But somehow these,
these animals have gotten loose
and descended onto the games
inside of the Coliseum. And so
there's a there's a lot going
on. #END_ancient_rome
Yeah, that was good. OK.
Alright.
The fun goes on, OK.
#START_campsite Now we've got
another where's Waldo postcard.
He's traveling and. Umm.
It's so we see an area of land
that's fairly flat, some
greenery, some some grassy land,
maybe some bushes, not a lot of
trees. We do see some trees, but
it's pretty flat and open. There
is a little canal that kind of
runs through the center and
there's a little arched bridge
that you can walk over to get
from one side.
Of the canal to the other.
And on the top part you have
like a little camping area, so
you have a lot of people with
RV's and campers, and on the
South side you have people in
tents.
Um.
People in tents and there might
even be like a little house or
or there's some kind of
structure off to the side. There
are a few.
Looks like there's bulls and and
cattle that are in some grassy
areas. They're kind of gated off
and in the grassy areas, but
primarily you've got the campers
and the tents on the South side
and the campers in the RV's and
the Umm.
Up on the top. You do see.
Let's see, there's people
running, walking, bicycling.
There's somebody grilling out
outside of their RV camper.
There is.
You know, people are just kind
of mingling with each other and
talking. People are walking
along the sidewalk to the canal.
Some are there's a man riding a
bike. There's a man with a fish,
a couple men with fishing poles
that are fishing. There is a
little boat with some men that
it's sailing through the canal.
And there's also, Umm, I don't
think it's a kayak, but it's
kind of like a very small boat.
With a couple of people sailing
through as well. In the water
there are looks like there's
some fish. There are some
mermaids that are up and they
are waving to the fishermen.
Umm, down in the distance
there's actually a shark. You
can see a shark fin heading into
the town.
Um, and then on the South side
where the tents are, you see
there's a lot of hikers and
campers, people with their
walking sticks and big heavy
camping like backpack type
hiking backpack. And they are,
they're really thirsty. You can
tell they've been walking and
they're trying to get to the
water and some of them are lying
on the floor with their tongues
out because they are so
exhausted.
They're literally having to
crawl their way to to get water
at the building or try to get
over to the canal.
And then everybody else is just
kind of hanging outside of their
tent. Uh, there are a couple of.
Uh.
Looks like it's a maitre-d' and
a man and a woman in like
lederhosen, maybe with beer.
Somebody's playing a guitar and
there's some hippies. There is a
hippie tent with flowers. There
is a what is supposed to be a
teepee with some Indians.
Um, each tent has something
going on. One tent has somebody
trying to put it up, and the
tent has collapsed on top of
them. Some other people, they're
just getting their tent started.
They've got a like they've got
it still in a bag. And there's
there's some Bunny rabbits,
there's some birds, some people
dining outside their tent,
having a little picnic. There's
some people drinking coffee, and
it looks like a man is
accidentally pouring coffee.
on another man. #END_campsite
Umm, OK. And yeah, that was
good. That was time. OK, let's
do.
Let's see what's this one.
Would do. Two more of these will
be done OK.
#START_birthday_party_fun So
this one's called birthday party
fun, and this one appears to be
on like an invitation.
And it's in somebody's backyard.
There's a fence, there's a brown
fence, and they've got lanterns
hanging like those paper
lanterns hanging from the trees.
They have the little.
Party decorations, like the
little hanging signs that are
hanging, they have there's
flowers, there's pinatas,
there's balloons, there's
balloons by the entryway into
the backyard, and there's a
little table set up for gifts
when you first enter in.
And it looks like, uh, people
had to come in costume.
Everybody's in costume. So we've
got football players, we have
animals, we have people dressed
like from the 70s. We have the
Flintstones, Pirates, basketball
players, Lady Liberty.
dressed as a shark, a robber,
clowns, Egyptians, dinosaurs,
giraffes, lions, all kinds of
costumes.
And there's a big bouncy house,
of course, and a lot of people
bouncing on the bouncy horse and
then sliding down. There are
there is a cake, it looks like
maybe the dad is carrying the
cake out to a long table and it
looks like a long buffet style
table with plates and napkins,
silverware stacked up where you
can serve yourself. And there's
cupcakes, there's another cake,
there's cookies, there's candy,
there's all kinds of goodies on
there.
Um, there's little inflatable
water pool, and some kids are
playing in the water pool with
water guns and pouring water on
on some of the other people
there is.
Let me see what else I can find
in here.
Mainly just a lot of people in
costume, kind of running around
from the different activities.
And then there is a neighbor,
there's an old lady who's a
neighbor, and she's peering over
the fence to see what's going
on. #END_birthday_party_fun
All right.
Very summery, yes.
Oh, this will be a little
longer. So that'll be longer.
Yeah. So let's just stop here
for two, OK? OK.
All right. How am I doing on
time?